TODO!

adding learning material

editor:

publishing learning material
editing learning material content and name and hitting update

being able to delete block by doing back
create columns?
video link?
scrolling?

when clicking on cancel, ask confirmation that progress will be lost
when clicking outside dialog box in edit mode, ask confirmation that progress will be lost

add acknowledgement toasts/balloons or whatever to show something is done and warning in places where progress can be lost

learner view:
- checkbox empty for tasks
- mark as read
- when go back to module list, should reflect change
- being able to navigate across tasks in a module
- next/previous task buttons

ordering tasks
delete tasks with confirmation
ordering modules
delete modules with confirmation

adding quiz
- questions not deletable after publish
- send correct answer from input given by user.
- editing quiz - name + existing questions
- learner view
- exam
- ai integration
- support for showing completion and netflix style wait for 5 seconds or autoatically go to next question if all questions done, move to next quiz if it exists or back to course page
- ballons and more acknowledgements

errors for invalid input - question empty, correct answer empty, other fields empty etc.
during save for task - ask for confirmation before saving.

Cohort page for learner
Cohort page should have leaderboard/streaks
Learner seeing courses in the home page and cohorts in the home page
when clicking on course (that is part of some cohort) - takes to learner course view
learner courseview should have breadcrumbs like Cohort > Course Name so that when they click on Cohort, they go back to the cohort page

code block - unable to switch langauge
show code block as option for correct answer too


ordering milestones
deleting milestones

bulk upload

adding scorecards and attaching scorecards to questions
(do this after v1 is built with everything using only objective questions in exam and quiz mode)

input type audio - can have objective answer?
When to use STT vs when to use native audio input for analysis?
- for objective tasks - STT?
- for subjective tasks - native audio input?
or what comes with text - can do stt and show text
or what comes with input type audio - directly do raw audio

pending


course creation
- preview question
- preview quiz
- exam type?
- course url

assigning cohorts to courses after the course flow is complete

learner view
- course url

analytics?
- overall metrics
- learner level analytics? NO

creating groups
bulk upload tasks (import)
choosing which school to view (owner of one, admin in multiple)

mentor view? NO
profile for learner? NO

responsiveness? NO FOR NOW

embedding the home page? (Khushbu)

LMS features (Amit + Gayathri)

Editing course name? NO
Editing Cohort name? NO
Editing group name? NO
Editing school name? NO
Editing school slug? NO


Generate course? NO

types of content blocks - only text for now

fix ugly dialog boxes